1
she seems like a very composed doctor
the patient read the internet (and was recording on phone?)
lol treating the teddy bear
good boy awwww my heart melts already
strict on residents or what
surgery will cost a fortune :(
I have to do the surgery and take care of this, what do you do? (resident life)
tteokbokki
doctors can never go home :(
de hasangnim? yes sir
agesimnida - yes sir = algessseubnida / 알겠습니다
VIP patient? woman rude but realizes, guess she's in a stressful situation
buildings with crowns :D
who gets hospital? some relatives?
busy with current job, assists someone high up, daughters nuns too lol, only youngest son left
Yulje medical center
they look cute and happy but she seems businesslike upon elevator
a lot going on in the medical center
can they not take gifts or dont want books or what, oh it was a bribe with money haha
can sajangnim mean doctor too? no bagsanim = doctor
mother kinda mad at doctors of dying daugher :(
I was so preoccupied with my son and his illness I didn't realize my mother was also ill :(
and husband wants her to make dinner for mother in law
I've been so unlucky in life. I don't even want to live. I just want to end my life :(((((
make them take next elevator for sure
if you say "you're not busy today" to a doctor, someone in need of surgery appears :D
now the superglue helmet is stuck on his head - darth glue
the surgeon can't operate or what :(((
are they gonna use the guy in the darth vader helmet for surgery
dr chae (competent girl with good priorities) did everything
surgery in progress...
hospital chairman passed away
she's friends with hospital director family
they all take care of the sleeping kid <3
happy ugly cry :3
aigooo
kamsamnidaaa
please don't jinx it calling yourself lucky
VIP wards?
got his friends as staff for VIP wards
jokes about bad things based on their specialties - hard for me to keep them straight
twice your salary !!
hard not to see guy from misaeng as that guy but i guess he's ob-gyn band guy
why does he want to be in a band lol
make her vocalist
nice friends
she drinks raw eggs?? they always make a nice ahhhh after drinking something
she sounds like a drunk bird or baby lol
her voice is...not right? owwww
wonder what the song is tho
they were at seoul national university 0.0  students "nerdy" but perfect skin cute hair btw?
cute meeting in closet
also hard for me to catch shoe details in background
rip Min-yeong
sarangae
confessional? to the fried chicken resteraunt
andrea very emotional but at least the guy he confesses to is serious about eating
curt guy gonna end relationship with drunk gf
lots of stuff going on in elevators - oh it was chae song-hwa's bf (cheating on her?)

2
celebrity doctor an asshole to residents off camera :(
that guy could be nicer to residents idk at least he tells them to do stuff
